data grand lyon: update transit stop config flow (#45796)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/data_grand_lyon.markdown

1. Go to {% my integrations title="**Settings** > **Devices & services**" %} and select the **Data Grand Lyon** integration.
2. Select **Add transit stop**.

> 3. First select the stop you want to monitor. You can filter the list by stop name, address or city, or enter a stop ID directly. Address and city aren't always available.

Author: 🤦🏻

> 3. First select the stop you want to monitor. You can filter the list by stop name, address or city, or enter a stop ID directly. Address and city aren't always available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select the stop you want to monitor. You can filter the list by stop name, address, or city, or enter a stop ID directly. Address and city aren't always available.
```

> 4. Then, select the line you want to monitor on that stop. The list is pre-filtered by known lines on this stop. You can enter a line identifier directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select the line you want to monitor on that stop. The list is pre-filtered by known lines on this stop. You can enter a line identifier directly.
```

{% configuration_basic %}
Stop ID:

>   description: "The stop identifier. You can find the stop identifier on the [Grand Lyon open data platform](https://data.grandlyon.com/portail/fr/jeux-de-donnees/points-arret-reseau-transports-commun-lyonnais/donnees). Zoom on the map and click on a stop. The ID will be displayed on the panel on the right, at the bottom. The field is called `id`."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: "The stop identifier. You can find the stop identifier on the [Grand Lyon open data platform](https://data.grandlyon.com/portail/fr/jeux-de-donnees/points-arret-reseau-transports-commun-lyonnais/donnees). Zoom in on the map and select a stop. The ID will be displayed in the bottom-right of the panel. The field is called **id**."
```
We prefer [select over click](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/c/click).

We use [bold to markup UI strings](https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/documenting/general-style-guide)

Author: :+1:

I chose a slightly different wording:

> The ID will be displayed at the bottom of the panel displayed on the right of the screen.

What I mean is that when selecting a stop, a panel will appear on the right, and the ID is displayed at the bottom of that panel. Let me know if that works.
